Skip to content
Other sites in UK
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Careers
UK | Institutional
About us
Solutions
Funds and strategies
Insights
Client Portals
Home
Fund centre

Back to funds

Schroder ETFs ICAV

%

Show investment figures as:

Percentage

Schroder ETFs (ICAV) - Schroder Global Investment Grade Corporate Bond Active UCITS ETF Accumulation GBP Hedged

ISIN: IE000AVUROO8

Inception: 06.11.2025

Add to watchlist
Overview
Risk Considerations
Performance
Asset Allocation
Listings
Authorised Participants
Fund Facts
Documents
Insights
Important information
Share class
Accumulation CHF Hedged
Accumulation EUR Hedged
Accumulation GBP Hedged
Accumulation USD

Unit NAV (GBP)

GBP 10.2204

As of 29.06.2026

Fund objectives and investment policy
The fund aims to provide income and capital growth in excess of the Bloomberg Global Aggregate Corporate Index (Hedged to USD) after fees have been deducted over a three-to-five-year period by investing in fixed and floating rate securities issued by companies worldwide. There can be no assurance that the fund will achieve its investment objective.


Above is the Investment Objective of the fund. For details on the fund’s Investment Policy please see the KID.
Relevant risks associated with an investment in this fund are shown below and should be carefully considered before making any investment.

Read more
Fund manager

Julien Houdain

Managed fund since: 24.09.2025

Term: 0.8 Yrs

Martin Coucke

Managed fund since: 24.09.2025

Term: 0.8 Yrs

Francois Carrie

Managed fund since: 24.09.2025

Term: 0.8 Yrs

Summary risk indicator (SRI)

As of 24.09.2025

1
2
This risk level has a special notch indicating increased importance.
3
4
5
6
7

The risk category was calculated using historical performance data (or indicative fund performance during periods of suspension) and may not be a reliable indicator of the fund’s future risk profile. The fund’s risk category is not guaranteed to remain fixed. Please see the Key Information Document for more information.

Fees & expenses

Ongoing charge

0.28%

Risk considerations

ABS and MBS risk: The fund may invest in mortgage or asset-backed securities. The underlying borrowers of these securities may not be able to pay back the full amount that they owe, which may result in losses to the fund.

Capital risk / distribution policy: As the fund intends to pay dividends regardless of its performance, a dividend may represent a return of part of the amount you invested.

Contingent convertible bonds: The fund may invest in contingent convertible bonds which are bonds that convert to shares if the bond issuer's financial health deteriorates. A reduction in the financial strength of the issuer may result in losses to the fund.

Counterparty risk: The portfolio may have contractual agreements with counterparties. If a counterparty is unable to fulfil their obligations, the sum that they owe to the portfolio may be lost in part or in whole.

Currency risk: If the fund’s investments are denominated in currencies different to the fund’s base currency, the fund may lose value as a result of movements in foreign exchange rates, otherwise known as currency rates. If the investor holds a share class in a different currency to the base currency of the fund, investors may be exposed to losses as a result of movements in currency rates.

Currency risk / hedged share class: The currency hedging of the share class may not be fully effective and residual currency exposure may remain. The cost associated with hedging may impact performance and potential gains may be more limited than for unhedged share classes.

Derivatives risk: Derivatives, which are financial instruments deriving their value from an underlying asset, may be used to manage the portfolio efficiently. A derivative may not perform as expected, may create losses greater than the cost of the derivative and may result in losses to the fund.

Emerging markets & frontier risk: Emerging markets, and especially frontier markets, generally carry greater political, legal, counterparty, operational and liquidity risk than developed markets.

High yield bond risk: High yield bonds (normally lower rated or unrated) generally carry greater market, credit and liquidity risk meaning greater uncertainty of returns.

Interest rate risk: The fund may lose value as a direct result of interest rate changes.

Liquidity Risk: The price of shares in the Fund is determined by market supply and demand, and this may be different to the net asset value of the Fund. In difficult market conditions, investors may not be able to find a buyer for their shares or may not get back the amount that they originally invested.   Certain investments of the Fund, in particular the unquoted investments, may be less liquid and more difficult to value. In difficult market conditions, the Fund may not be able to sell an investment for full value or at all and this could affect performance of the Fund.

Market Risk: The value of investments can go up and down and an investor may not get back the amount initially invested.

Operational risk: Operational processes, including those related to the safekeeping of assets, may fail. This may result in losses to the fund.

Performance risk: Investment objectives express an intended result but there is no guarantee that such a result will be achieved. Depending on market conditions and the macro economic environment, investment objectives may become more difficult to achieve.

Share Price risk: The price of shares in the Fund is determined by market supply and demand, and this may be different to the net asset value of the Fund. This means the price may be volatile, meaning the price may go up and down to a greater extent in response to changes in demand.

Sustainability risk: The fund has environmental and/or social characteristics. This means it may have limited exposure to some companies, industries or sectors and may forego certain investment opportunities, or dispose of certain holdings, that do not align with its sustainability criteria chosen by the investment manager. The fund may invest in companies that do not reflect the beliefs and values of any particular investor.

Performance

There is insufficient data to provide investors with a useful indication of the fund's past performance. Share class launch date: 06.11.2025. Fund launch date: 24.09.2025

Price History
Chart View
Table View
From:
06.11.2025
To:
29.06.2026

Download Price

Chart

Line chart with 163 data points.
Price history chart, showing price over time
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2025-11-06 00:00:00 to 2026-06-29 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 9.9231 to 10.2204.
GBP 9.9000
GBP 9.9500
GBP 10.0000
GBP 10.0500
GBP 10.1000
GBP 10.1500
GBP 10.2000
GBP 10.2500
December
2025
January
2026
February
2026
March
2026
April
2026
May
2026
June
2026
End of interactive chart.
Asset allocation
Sector
Region
Geographical breakdown
Top Holdings
Credit quality

As of 31.05.2026

Fund

Target

Difference

79.39%

Fixed Income

83.68%

-4.28%

18.89%

Cash

14.65%

4.24%

1.50%

Liquid Assets

0.71%

0.78%

0.22%

Unassigned

0.91%

-0.69%

0.00%

Agency

0.01%

-0.01%

0.00%

Local Authority

0.01%

-0.01%

0.00%

Alternative Investments

0.02%

-0.02%

0.00%

Other

0.03%

-0.03%

0.00%

Utility

9.63%

-9.63%

0.00%

Financial Institutions

38.34%

-38.34%

0.00%

Industrial

51.26%

-51.26%

Source: Schroders. Top holdings and asset allocation are at fund level.

Listings
Authorised Participants
Fund facts
Price
Risk statistics & financial ratios
Purchase details
Codes
Documents
Fund literature

Factsheet
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: May 2026 | English

156 KB

Previous Versions

Fund information

Supplementary Information
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: March 2026 | English

102 KB

Sustainability-Related Disclosures
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: September 2025 | English

130 KB

Prospectus
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: March 2026 | English

1.5 MB

Key Investor Information Document
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: Annual 2026 | English

61 KB

Positions Overview
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: June 2026 | English

36 KB

Insights

30.06.2026

Adapting asset allocation to the risk of stagflation

With the risks of stagflation – higher inflation coupled with lower growth – on the rise, investors need to reassess how their money is allocated.

26.06.2026

Explainer: Energy security and infrastructure investing – understanding the opportunity

The global energy transition is often framed as a climate story. Increasingly, however, it is becoming a story about energy security, economic resilience and national competitiveness – and significant long-term investment opportunities.

26.06.2026

Why the yen is set to strengthen – and why that matters

Normalising interest rates, among other factors, signpost a strengthening of the yen over the medium and longer term.

Important information
Nothing in this document should be construed as advice and is therefore not a recommendation to buy or sell shares. An investment in the Schroder ETFs ICAV (the "Company") entails risks, which are fully described in the prospectus.

Subscriptions for shares of the Company can only be made on the basis of its latest Key Information Document (the “KID”) and prospectus, together with the latest audited annual report (and subsequent unaudited semi-annual report, if published), copies of which can be obtained, free of charge, from Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A. An investment concerns the acquisition of shares in the Company, and not the underlying assets. The Company has been registered as an Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle pursuant to the Irish ICAV Act. The Company has been established for an unlimited period and coordinated with regard to the European regulations and meets the criteria for Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS). The KIDs are available in Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek and Italian, and the prospectus is available in English, French, German and Italian, free of charge at www.eifs.lu/schroders. The availability of KIDs in the aforementioned languages is subject to the registration of the fund in the respective jurisdiction.

The net asset value of the share class is published daily on the following business day and is accessible at the registered office of the administrator and via the following website: https://www.schroders.com/en-ie/ie/individual/fund-centre/. A list of the investments held by the fund is also made available on the same site on a daily basis.

Shares purchased on the secondary market cannot usually be sold directly back to the Company. Investors must buy and sell shares on a secondary market with the assistance of an intermediary (e.g. a stockbroker) and may incur fees for doing so. In addition, investors may pay more than the current net asset value when buying shares and may receive less than the current net asset value when selling them. Please refer to the "Secondary Market Dealings in Shares" section of the prospectus for further information.

Notice to investors in the UK: The prospectus and KIIDs are available in English at https://www.schroders.com/en-gb/uk/individual/fund-centre/.This product is based overseas and is not subject to UK sustainable investment labelling and disclosure requirements. The fund is authorised overseas and recognised in the UK under the Overseas Fund Regime. The UK Financial Ombudsman Service is unlikely to be able to consider complaints relating to this fund, its operator, or its depositary. Any claims for losses relating to the operator or depositary of the fund are unlikely to be covered by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Prospective investors should consider seeking independent financial advice and review the fund prospectus before making an investment decision.

Schroders may decide to cease the distribution of any fund(s) in any EEA country at any time but we will publish our intention to do so on our website, in line with applicable regulatory requirements.

The fund has environmental and/or social characteristics within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on Sustainability-related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (the “SFDR”). For information on sustainability-related aspects of this fund please go to https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/all-eu-sites/

Any reference to regions/ countries/ sectors/ stocks/ securities is for illustrative purposes only and not a recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or adopt a specific investment strategy.



Past Performance is not a guide to future performance and may not be repeated.



The value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested. Exchange rate changes may cause the value of investments to fall as well as rise.

Performance data does not take into account any commissions and costs, if any, charged when units or shares of any fund, as applicable, are issued and redeemed.

Schroders has expressed its own views and opinions in this document and these may change.

The information contained herein is believed to be reliable. Where third-party data is referenced, it remains subject to the rights of the respective provider and must not be reproduced or used without prior consent.



Communications with Schroder’s representatives may be recorded for regulatory and monitoring purposes.



Schroders will be a data controller in respect of your personal data. For information on how Schroders might process your personal data, please view our Privacy Policy available at https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/footer/privacy-statement/ or on request should you not have access to this webpage.

A summary of investor rights may be obtained in Bulgarian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Slovakian, Spanish and Swedish from https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/summary-of-investor-rights/

Issued by Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A., 5 Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Luxembourg. Registration No B 37.799.

Distributed in the UK by Schroder Investment Management Ltd, 1 London Wall Place, London EC2Y 5AU. Registration No 1893220 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Contact Schroders
Contact us
Worldwide locations
Follow us

Please remember that the value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested.

This marketing material is for professional investors or advisers only. This site is not suitable for retail clients.

Issued by Schroder Investment Management Limited, 1 London Wall Place, London EC2Y 5AU.

For illustrative purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation to invest in the above-mentioned security / sector / country.

Registered No: 1893220 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

For your security, communications may be recorded or monitored.

On 17 September 2018 our remaining dual priced funds converted to single pricing and a list of the funds affected can be found in our Changes to Funds. To view historic dual prices from the launch date to 14 September 2018 click on Historic prices

Important information
Privacy statement
Cookies
Whistleblowing
Scam Protection
© Copyright 2026 Schroders plc