Skip to content
Other sites in UK
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Careers
UK | Institutional
About us
Solutions
Funds and strategies
Insights
Client Portals
Home
Fund centre

Back to funds

Schroder Global Equity Custom Active ETF

%

Show investment figures as:

Percentage

Schroder ETFs(ICAV) Schroder Global Equity Custom Active UCITS ETF Accumulation USD

ISIN: IE000GML9HQ4

Inception: 13.01.2026

Add to watchlist
Overview
Risk Considerations
Performance
Asset Allocation
Listings
Authorised Participants
Fund Facts
Documents
Insights
Important information

Unit NAV (USD)

USD 11.1052

As of 29.06.2026

Total NAV (USD)

USD 799.68 m

As of 26.06.2026

Fund objectives and investment policy
The fund aims to provide capital growth and income in excess of the Solactive ISS ESG Screened Paris Aligned Global Markets (Net TR) Index after fees have been deducted over a three-to-five-year period by investing in equity and equity related securities of companies worldwide.


Above is the Investment Objective of the fund. For details on the fund’s Investment Policy please see the KID.
Relevant risks associated with an investment in this fund are shown below and should be carefully considered before making any investment.

Read more
Fund manager

The QEP Investment team

Managed fund since: -

Term: NaN Yrs

Summary risk indicator (SRI)

As of 13.01.2026

1
2
3
4
5
This risk level has a special notch indicating increased importance.
6
7

The risk category was calculated using historical performance data (or indicative fund performance during periods of suspension) and may not be a reliable indicator of the fund’s future risk profile. The fund’s risk category is not guaranteed to remain fixed. Please see the Key Information Document for more information.

Fees & expenses

Ongoing charge

0.28%

Risk considerations

China risk: If the fund invests in the China Interbank Bond Market via the Bond Connect or in China "A" shares via the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect or in shares listed on the STAR Board or the ChiNext, this may involve clearing and settlement, regulatory, operational and counterparty risks. If the fund invests in onshore renminbi-denominated securities, currency control decisions made by the Chinese government could affect the value of the fund's investments and could cause the fund to defer or suspend redemptions of its shares.

Counterparty risk: The portfolio may have contractual agreements with counterparties. If a counterparty is unable to fulfil their obligations, the sum that they owe to the portfolio may be lost in part or in whole.

Currency risk: If the fund’s investments are denominated in currencies different to the fund’s base currency, the fund may lose value as a result of movements in foreign exchange rates, otherwise known as currency rates. If the investor holds a share class in a different currency to the base currency of the fund, investors may be exposed to losses as a result of movements in currency rates.

Higher volatility risk: The price of this fund may be more volatile as it may take higher risks in search of higher rewards, meaning the price may go up and down to a greater extent.

Liquidity Risk: The price of shares in the Fund is determined by market supply and demand, and this may be different to the net asset value of the Fund. In difficult market conditions, investors may not be able to find a buyer for their shares or may not get back the amount that they originally invested.   Certain investments of the Fund, in particular the unquoted investments, may be less liquid and more difficult to value. In difficult market conditions, the Fund may not be able to sell an investment for full value or at all and this could affect performance of the Fund.

Operational risk: Operational processes, including those related to the safekeeping of assets, may fail. This may result in losses to the fund.

Market Risk: The value of investments can go up and down and an investor may not get back the amount initially invested.

Performance risk: Investment objectives express an intended result but there is no guarantee that such a result will be achieved. Depending on market conditions and the macro economic environment, investment objectives may become more difficult to achieve.

Share Price risk: The price of shares in the Fund is determined by market supply and demand, and this may be different to the net asset value of the Fund. This means the price may be volatile, meaning the price may go up and down to a greater extent in response to changes in demand.

Sustainability risk: The fund has environmental and/or social characteristics. This means it may have limited exposure to some companies, industries or sectors and may forego certain investment opportunities, or dispose of certain holdings, that do not align with its sustainability criteria chosen by the investment manager. The fund may invest in companies that do not reflect the beliefs and values of any particular investor.

Performance

There is insufficient data to provide investors with a useful indication of the fund's past performance. Share class launch date: 13.01.2026. Fund launch date: 13.01.2026

Price History
Chart View
Table View
From:
13.01.2026
To:
29.06.2026

Download Price

Chart

Line chart with 118 data points.
Price history chart, showing price over time
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2026-01-13 00:00:00 to 2026-06-29 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 9.1545 to 11.2659.
USD 9.0000
USD 9.5000
USD 10.0000
USD 10.5000
USD 11.0000
USD 11.5000
26 Jan
9 Feb
23 Feb
9 Mar
23 Mar
6 Apr
20 Apr
4 May
18 May
1 Jun
15 Jun
29 Jun
End of interactive chart.
Asset allocation
Sector
Region
Geographical breakdown
Top Holdings

As of 31.05.2026

Fund

Reference Index

Difference

38.44%

Information Technology

38.33%

0.11%

15.42%

Financials

14.32%

1.10%

9.99%

Health Care

10.86%

-0.87%

9.96%

Communication Services

9.48%

0.47%

8.22%

Industrials

7.17%

1.05%

7.43%

Consumer Discretionary

8.65%

-1.22%

3.45%

Consumer Staples

3.89%

-0.44%

2.51%

Materials

3.02%

-0.51%

2.12%

Real Estate

3.25%

-1.13%

1.27%

Derivatives

0.00%

1.27%

0.74%

Utilities

1.01%

-0.27%

0.38%

Liquid Assets

0.00%

0.38%

0.07%

Other

0.00%

0.07%

Source: Schroders. Top holdings and asset allocation are at fund level.

Listings
Authorised Participants
Fund facts
Price
Risk statistics & financial ratios
Purchase details
Codes
Documents
Fund literature

Factsheet
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: May 2026 | English

147 KB

Previous Versions

Fund information

Key Investor Information Document
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: Annual 2026 | English

62 KB

Positions Overview
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: June 2026 | English

33 KB

Prospectus
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: March 2026 | English

1.5 MB

Supplementary Information
(opens in a new tab)

Effective Date: Annual 2026 | English

104 KB

Insights

30.06.2026

Adapting asset allocation to the risk of stagflation

With the risks of stagflation – higher inflation coupled with lower growth – on the rise, investors need to reassess how their money is allocated.

26.06.2026

Explainer: Energy security and infrastructure investing – understanding the opportunity

The global energy transition is often framed as a climate story. Increasingly, however, it is becoming a story about energy security, economic resilience and national competitiveness – and significant long-term investment opportunities.

26.06.2026

Why the yen is set to strengthen – and why that matters

Normalising interest rates, among other factors, signpost a strengthening of the yen over the medium and longer term.

Important information
Nothing in this document should be construed as advice and is therefore not a recommendation to buy or sell shares. An investment in the Schroder ETFs ICAV (the "Company") entails risks, which are fully described in the prospectus.

Subscriptions for shares of the Company can only be made on the basis of its latest Key Information Document (the “KID”) and prospectus, together with the latest audited annual report (and subsequent unaudited semi-annual report, if published), copies of which can be obtained, free of charge, from Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A. An investment concerns the acquisition of shares in the Company, and not the underlying assets. The Company has been registered as an Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle pursuant to the Irish ICAV Act. The Company has been established for an unlimited period and coordinated with regard to the European regulations and meets the criteria for Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS). The KIDs are available in Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek and Italian, and the prospectus is available in English, French, German and Italian, free of charge at www.eifs.lu/schroders. The availability of KIDs in the aforementioned languages is subject to the registration of the fund in the respective jurisdiction.

The net asset value of the share class is published daily on the following business day and is accessible at the registered office of the administrator and via the following website: https://www.schroders.com/en-ie/ie/individual/fund-centre/. A list of the investments held by the fund is also made available on the same site on a daily basis.

Shares purchased on the secondary market cannot usually be sold directly back to the Company. Investors must buy and sell shares on a secondary market with the assistance of an intermediary (e.g. a stockbroker) and may incur fees for doing so. In addition, investors may pay more than the current net asset value when buying shares and may receive less than the current net asset value when selling them. Please refer to the "Secondary Market Dealings in Shares" section of the prospectus for further information.

Notice to investors in the UK: The prospectus and KIIDs are available in English at https://www.schroders.com/en-gb/uk/individual/fund-centre/.This product is based overseas and is not subject to UK sustainable investment labelling and disclosure requirements. The fund is authorised overseas and recognised in the UK under the Overseas Fund Regime. The UK Financial Ombudsman Service is unlikely to be able to consider complaints relating to this fund, its operator, or its depositary. Any claims for losses relating to the operator or depositary of the fund are unlikely to be covered by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Prospective investors should consider seeking independent financial advice and review the fund prospectus before making an investment decision.

Schroders may decide to cease the distribution of any fund(s) in any EEA country at any time but we will publish our intention to do so on our website, in line with applicable regulatory requirements.

The fund has environmental and/or social characteristics within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on Sustainability-related Disclosures in the Financial Services Sector (the “SFDR”). For information on sustainability-related aspects of this fund please go to https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/all-eu-sites/

Any reference to regions/ countries/ sectors/ stocks/ securities is for illustrative purposes only and not a recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or adopt a specific investment strategy.



Past Performance is not a guide to future performance and may not be repeated.



The value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested. Exchange rate changes may cause the value of investments to fall as well as rise.

Performance data does not take into account any commissions and costs, if any, charged when units or shares of any fund, as applicable, are issued and redeemed.

Schroders has expressed its own views and opinions in this document and these may change.

The information contained herein is believed to be reliable. Where third-party data is referenced, it remains subject to the rights of the respective provider and must not be reproduced or used without prior consent.



Communications with Schroder’s representatives may be recorded for regulatory and monitoring purposes.



Schroders will be a data controller in respect of your personal data. For information on how Schroders might process your personal data, please view our Privacy Policy available at https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/footer/privacy-statement/ or on request should you not have access to this webpage.

A summary of investor rights may be obtained in Bulgarian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Slovakian, Spanish and Swedish from https://www.schroders.com/en/global/individual/summary-of-investor-rights/

Issued by Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A., 5 Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Luxembourg. Registration No B 37.799.
Contact Schroders
Contact us
Worldwide locations
Follow us

Please remember that the value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested.

This marketing material is for professional investors or advisers only. This site is not suitable for retail clients.

Issued by Schroder Investment Management Limited, 1 London Wall Place, London EC2Y 5AU.

For illustrative purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation to invest in the above-mentioned security / sector / country.

Registered No: 1893220 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

For your security, communications may be recorded or monitored.

On 17 September 2018 our remaining dual priced funds converted to single pricing and a list of the funds affected can be found in our Changes to Funds. To view historic dual prices from the launch date to 14 September 2018 click on Historic prices

Important information
Privacy statement
Cookies
Whistleblowing
Scam Protection
© Copyright 2026 Schroders plc